<HGU CSEE Standard (v.0.2)>
HGU CSEE is a higher educational institution that cultivates excellent and honest professionals
who will serve God and people by playing a role as salt and light in the darkening world. A CSEE
student should strive to develop expertise in IT-related fields based on the unshakable integrity of
the Christian spirit exemplified by love and righteousness. This guideline aims to clarify the
standard of honesty, sincerity and responsibility the students should keep in order that they may
overcome temptations they encounter during their studies and develop into trustworthy and
capable professionals.
 Responsibility in academic endeavors
    - Studying is not only a means of employment, but also a process of self-development
    to become trustworthy experts who can serve God and their neighbors with their
    own specialties. Students should understand that finding their given talent is their
    main calling during their academic years. Therefore, students should dedicate their
    efforts to grow in knowledge, character, and spirituality by doing their best in all
    activities including lectures, labs, practices, assignments, exams, and projects.
    - The goal of studying is not only to find employment in the future, but also to
    become trustworthy professionals who can serve God and their neighbors with their
    own specialties. Students should understand that finding and cultivating their given
    talent is their main calling during their academic years. Therefore, students should
    dedicate their efforts to grow in knowledge, character and spirituality by diligently
    participating in all activities, including lectures, labs, practices, assignments, exams,
    and projects.
 Responsibility of conscience
    - Students in CSEE should strive to become reliable and trustworthy experts, as
    honesty and integrity is no less important than professional knowledge for changing
    the world. Students should prevent themselves from falling into temptations or
    committing any kind of dishonest behavior. The standards of academic dishonesty
    and cheating are described in the “CSEE Honor Code Guidelines”.
    - If students witness any academic dishonesty, they should immediately report the
    incident to the professor, the dean, or anyone in charge of the course so that proper
    guidance and disciplinary action can be given. 
 Responsibility as a member of the community
    - Students should consider their friends, juniors, and seniors as colleagues who will
    establish God’s kingdom in the professional field together, and thereby help, respect
    and be polite to one another.
    - Students should fulfill their responsibilities expected of them as formal members of
    CSEE and help build the community by participating in official events of the
    department or the student council.
    - As members of the society, the nation and the world, students should participate in
    volunteer activities to realize love and righteousness. Especially, they should care for
    and dedicate their services to the neighbors in need. 
  
<CSEE Honor Code Guidelines>
The standards of honesty that students should keep during the academic years in CSEE of HGU
are stated as follows.
 Attendance
    - Students should acknowledge that studying is a holy calling and do their best to
    attend every class.
    - A legitimate attendance means arriving in the classroom before the class begins and
    participating in the entire class. If a student arrives in the classroom within 15
    minutes after the class begins, it will be recorded as ‘late’. (or ‘tardy’) If a student
    arrives after the 15 minutes of the start of class, it will be recorded as ‘absence’.
    - Marking her/his own attendance sheet without attending the class or marking other
    student’s attendance sheet who is absent is regarded as cheating.
    - If students find errors in their attendance record, they may/should ask the professor
    for a review and correction. Modifying the record without the approval of the
    professor is prohibited.
 Assignments
    - Assignments are an educational activity necessary to fully understand the lecture, and
    to apply the materials to practical problems. Students should complete all
    assignments with honesty and sincerity to develop the knowledge and skills intended
    in the assignment.
    - Submitted assignments are reflected in a grade evaluation. Therefore, student should
    never commit any kinds of dishonest behavior including acquisition, utilization,
    request, and providing of unauthorized information or assistance that can disrupt the
    fairness of evaluation.
    - It is allowed to get help from peers in order to understand the lecture materials,
    announcements, or the directions for homework. However, each student should
    complete the entire assignments on their own.
    - Submitting assignments or program codes written by others or acquired from the
    internet without explicit approval of the professor is regarded as cheating.
    - Showing or lending one’s own homework to other student is also considered
    cheating that disturbs fair evaluation and hinders the academic achievement of the 
    other student.
    - It is regarded as cheating if two or more students conduct their homework together
    and submit it individually when the homework is not a group assignment.
    - One may receive help from other students if a problem in the assignment could not
    be solved even with the best effort; however, the assistance should never go beyond
    the correction of basic grammatical errors. It is cheating to get help about design,
    logic, and algorithm required in assignments from other person than the professor,
    TA, and tutor.
    - It can be suspected or regarded as cheating if the similarity between assignments
    submitted by different students is beyond an acceptable degree that can be
    considered as a coincidence or when the student is not able to explain in detail
    about their homework.
 Examination
    - Examination is an educational act necessary for evaluation of the students’
    achievement and for encouraging the students to absorb the material in the process
    of preparation.
    - Student should do their best to prepare for exams in order to improve her/his own
    knowledge and skill, and should fully engage in the test during examination hour.
    - Accessing or providing unauthorized information, including other students’ answer
    sheets, is regarded as cheating. The use of electronic devices, including cell phones
    and computers, without permission is strictly prohibited.
    - Entering or leaving the classroom during the examination before the finish time
    without permission is regarded as cheating.
 Laboratory (Experiment and/or Practical exercise)
    - Unless explicitly allowed by the professor, using some or all of the report written by
    other students while writing a pre-report or the main report is considered as
    cheating.
    - Lending or showing one’s report to others also corresponds to cheating.
    - It can be suspected or regarded as cheating, if students cannot explain their reports
    in detail.
    - It is cheating if students conduct an experiment or practical exercise by referring to 
    other students’ pre-report (in case of team project, referring other team’s report)
    while doing experiment and practice.
    - Showing or lending one’s code (in case of team project, showing to other team) also
    corresponds to cheating.
 Team Project
    - Team project is an educational procedure which helps the students to develop majorrelated skills and abilities as well as teamwork, communication skills, and morality
    through the experience of carrying out a mission as a team.
    - As a member of the team, each student should fulfill their responsibility by diligently
    completing individual tasks and respecting other members.
    - Students should do their best in team projects as poor performance of one member
    impacts that whole team and causes unnecessary damage.
    - In case of mutual peer evaluation in a team project, each member should evaluate
    other students fairly based on their role and contribution. It is cheating to request or
    to give higher evaluation beyond the actual contribution, especially to a member
    who has poorly participated.
    - It is cheating if a team uses the whole or part of the product that is not completed
    by team members except when it is clearly allowed.
 Grade
    - Grade is determined solely by the student’s achievement. It should be measured fairly
    according to the proper procedure and standards set by the professor and the
    university.
    - When a student finds obvious errors or mistakes in their scores for exams or
    assignments, one should contact the professor via appropriate procedures within the
    announced time period.
    - Students may not ask for correction of scores or grade change other than the case
    described above. 
